CSS update: overview of shapes guide (#33771)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_shapes/overview_of_shapes/index.md

{{EmbedGHLiveSample("css-examples/shapes/overview/generated-content.html", '100%', 850)}}

## Relationship to `clip-path`

The basic shapes and box values used to create shapes are the same as those used as values for {{cssxref("clip-path")}}. Therefore, if you want to create a shape using an image, and also clip away part of that image, you can use the same values.

The image below is a square image with a blue background. We have defined a shape using `shape-outside: ellipse(40% 50%);` and also used `clip-path: ellipse(40% 50%);` to clip away the same area that we used to define the shape.

{{EmbedGHLiveSample("css-examples/shapes/overview/clip-path.html", '100%', 800)}}

## Developer Tools for Shapes

There is a [Shape Path Editor](https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/page_inspector/how_to/edit_css_shapes/index.html) in the Firefox DevTools. This tool can be used to inspect the `circle()`, `inset()`, `ellipse()`, and `polygon()` values. If your polygon isn't quite right you can use the Shapes Editor to tweak it, then copy the new value back into your CSS.

## More CSS Shapes Features

> In this guide, we discussed wrapping text around floated shapes. See the [CSS shapes module](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_shapes) for links all the module and related features, including all the shape functions and additional guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we discussed wrapping text around floated shapes. See the [CSS shapes module](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_shapes) for links to all the module features plus additional related features. This includes all the shape functions and relevant guides.
```
